Update ont-odi-realtek-dfp-34x-2c2.md (#203)
hack-gpon/hack-gpon.github.io: _ont/ont-odi-realtek-dfp-34x-2c2.md

{% include alert.html content="Some USB TTL adapters label TX and RX pins the other way around: try to swap them if the connection doesn't work." alert="Note"  icon="svg-warning" color="yellow" %}

> {% include_relative ont-luna-sdk-useful-commands.md flash='flash' ploam='hex' customSwVersionAlert='This needs the `OMCI_OLT_MODE` value to be set to 3 and firmware 220530 or 220923 modded by @stich86' speedLan='1234567' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include_relative ont-luna-sdk-useful-commands.md flash='flash' ploam='hex' customSwVersionAlert='This needs the `OMCI_OLT_MODE` value to be set to 3 and firmware 220530 or 220923 modded by @stich86 or if you don't want to replace firmware to change software version, set `OMCI_OLT_MODE` value to `21`. This will force to use your own settings from the XML file' speedLan='1234567' %}
```

Reviewer: and remove the  alert.html

> {% include alert.html content="If you don't want to replace firmware to change software version, set `OMCI_OLT_MODE` value to `21`. This will force to use your own settings from the XML file" alert="Note"  icon="svg-warning" color="yellow" %}

Reviewer 2: Specifies that this is a hack and causes sigsegv of /bin/checkomci
